updated readme.md with locations for template content (#3902)
dotnet/templating: README.md

Template Engine is a library for manipulating streams, including operations to replace values, include/exclude 
regions and process `if`, `else if`, `else` and `end if` style statements.

# Template Content Repositories

[.NET default templates](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-new-sdk-templates) are located in several repositories.
This repository only contains the following templates:
- Console Application (console)
- Class Library (classlib)

> - Common item templates (gitignore, globaljson, nugetconfig, sln, etc)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Common item templates (gitignore, globaljson, nugetconfig, sln, etc.)
```

Other templates are located in the following repositories:

| Templates | Repository |
|---|---|
|ASP.NET and Blazor templates|[dotnet/aspnetcore](https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore)|
|WPF templates|[dotnet/wpf](https://github.com/dotnet/wpf)|
|Windows Forms templates|[dotnet/winforms](https://github.com/dotnet/winforms)|
|Test templates|[dotnet/test-templates](https://github.com/dotnet/test-templates)|
|MAUI templates|[dotnet/maui](https://github.com/dotnet/maui)|

> Issues for the template content should be opened in coresponding repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Issues for the template content should be opened in the corresponding repository.
```
